docs/source/how_to_guides/image_classification/auto_attacks.md, before:

# How to Simulate AutoAttack

<!-- ```{article-info}
:avatar: 
:avatar-link: 
:avatar-outline: muted
:author: 
:date:
:read-time: 10 min read
:class-container: sd-p-2 article-info-block
``` -->

<!-- ```{note}
The companion Jupyter Notebook can be [found on GitHub here:]](https://github.com/IBM/heart-library).
``` -->

## Introduction

This notebook provides a beginner friendly introduction to using auto attack on image classification as part of Test &
Evaluation of a small benchmark dataset (Visdrone). AutoAttack is an ensemble or a collection of other attacks or attack
configuration, which can be run in parallel. In this notebook, we learn how to instantiate the attack and deduce which
attack from all is the most successful. Testing an ensemble of attacks for best performance is a crucial step in T&E.

:::: {grid} 5
:::{grid-item} **Intended Audience:** All T&E Users
:::
:::{grid-item} **Requirements:** Basic Python and Torchvision / ML Skills
:::
:::{grid-item} **Notebook Runtime:** Full run of the notebook: <2 minutes
:::
:::{grid-item} **Reading time:** ~10 Minutes
:::
:::{grid-item} **Order of Completion:** As in contents
:::
::::

::::{grid} 2

:::{grid-item}
:columns: 8
Before you begin, you will want to make sure that you download the how-to guide's companion Jupyter notebook.  This
notebook allows you to follow along in your own environment and interact with the code as you learn.  The code snippets
are also included in the documentation, but the notebook is provided for ease of use and to enable you to try things on
your own.
:::

:::{grid-item}
:child-align: center
:columns: 4
<!-- ```{button-link} #
:color: primary
:outline:
Download Companion Notebook {octicon}`download`
``` -->

```{admonition} Coming Soon
:class: important

The companion Jupyter notebook will be available in the code repository in the next HEART release.
```

:::

::::

### Contents

1. Imports
1. Load Visdrone Classification Task Data and Model
1. AutoAttack Initialization
1. AutoAttack Evaluation
1. Calculate Clean and Robust Accuracy
1. Further Evaluation: Plot Samples, Best Attacks
1. Conclusion
1. Next Steps

### Learning Objectives

- Autoattack bundles several attacks or parameters for a different attack
- This allows easy evalution, as the best attack (configuration) can be found

## 1. Imports and Set-up

We import all necessary libraries for this tutorial. In this order, we first import general libraries such as numpy,
then load relevant methods from ART. We then load the corresponding HEART functionality and specific torch functions to
support the model. Lastly, we use a command to plot within the notebook.

```python
import numpy as np
import os
import torch
from typing import Tuple, Dict, Any
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
from datasets import load_dataset
from torchvision import transforms
import torchvision

# ART imports
from art.attacks.evasion.projected_gradient_descent.projected_gradient_descent_pytorch import ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch
from art.attacks.evasion.auto_attack import AutoAttack

# HEART imports
from heart_library.estimators.classification.pytorch import JaticPyTorchClassifier
from heart_library.attacks.attack import JaticAttack
from heart_library.metrics import AccuracyPerturbationMetric

# MAITE import for evaluation
from maite.protocols.image_classification import Dataset as ic_dataset

# using matplotlib inline to see the figures
%matplotlib inline
```

## 2. Load Visdrone Data and Model for Classification

We now load the data, importing only a small part to save compute for this small demonstration. We then define the model
and wrap it as JATIC pytorch classifier.

Here, we first define the Visdrone labels and then load Visdrone images as numpy arrays. We use a subset of the data to
save runtime, a total of 15 samples. In addition, we load a dataset as a modified dataframe to be compatible with JATIC.

```python
labels = {
    0:'Building',
    1:'Construction Site',
    2:'Engineering Vehicle',
    3:'Fishing Vessel',
    4:'Oil Tanker',
    5:'Vehicle Lot'
}

data = load_dataset("CDAO/xview-subset-classification", split="test[0:15]")
idx = 3
plt.title(f"Prediction: {labels[data[idx]['label']]}")
plt.imshow(data[idx]['image'])

'''
Transform dataset
'''
IMAGE_H, IMAGE_W = 224, 224

preprocess = transforms.Compose([
    transforms.Resize((IMAGE_H, IMAGE_W)),
    transforms.ToTensor()
])
data = data.map(lambda x: {"image": preprocess(x["image"]), "label": x["label"]})
to_image = lambda x: transforms.ToPILImage()(torch.Tensor(x))

sample_data = torch.utils.data.Subset(data, range(5))
```

```text
Resolving data files:   0%|          | 0/31 [00:00<?, ?it/s]
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-1.png
:alt: Building
```

We load a simple classification model from the repo and wrap it in JaticPyTorchClassifier so the model is compatible
with MAITE.

```python
model = torchvision.models.resnet18(False)
num_ftrs = model.fc.in_features 
model.fc = torch.nn.Linear(num_ftrs, len(labels.keys())) 
model.load_state_dict(torch.load('../../../utils/resources/models/xview_model.pt'))
#_ = model.eval()

'''
Wrap the model
'''
jptc = JaticPyTorchClassifier(
    model=model, loss = torch.nn.CrossEntropyLoss(), input_shape=(3, 224, 224),
    nb_classes=len(labels), clip_values=(0, 1)
)

#plot original image
pred_batch = jptc(sample_data)
plt.imshow(to_image(data[1]['image']))
_ = plt.title(f'benign classification: {labels[np.argmax(np.stack(pred_batch[1]))]}')
plt.show()
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-2.png
:alt: Building
```

## 3. AutoAttack Initialization

We now initialize AutoAttack. To this end, we create a number of differently initialized attacks to carry out the T&E.
For example, we:

- vary the max_iter values, but keep all other parameters fixed,
- and vary the eps_step values, but keep all other parameters fixed.

These values serve as a mere example, other parameters can/should be further explored, as well as applying different
attacks.

**Important:** If we use attacks that are untargeted and ask auto attack to executed targeted mode, the attacks will
still be executed, but in untargeted mode.

In case there is no intuition about which parameters could be tested, we show below a default initialization for
AutoAttack's parameters.

```python
n = 5 # number of iterations
attacks = []

# create multiple values for max_iter
max_iter = [i+1 for i in list(range(n))]
print('max_iter values:', max_iter)

# create multiple values for eps
eps_steps = [round(float(i/100+0.001), 3) for i in list(range(n))]
print('eps_step values:', eps_steps)

# make a list with all attack/parameter combinations we want to test
for i, eps_step in enumerate(eps_steps):
    attacks.append(
        ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
            estimator=jptc,
            norm=np.inf,
            eps=0.1,
            eps_step=eps_step,
            max_iter=10,
            targeted=False,
            batch_size=32,
            verbose=False
        )
    )
    attacks.append(
        ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
            estimator=jptc,
            norm=np.inf,
            eps=0.1,
            max_iter=max_iter[i],
            targeted=False,
            batch_size=32,
            verbose=False
        )
    )
    
print('Number of attacks:', len(attacks))

parallel_pool_size =2

# add the attacks to Autoattack to manage execution, and wrap with JAticattack to support MAITE
jatic_attack_parallel = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(estimator=jptc, attacks=attacks, targeted=True), norm=2)
jatic_attack_notparallel = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(estimator=jptc, attacks=attacks, targeted=True), norm=2)

## In case you have no intuition about possible parameters, defaults can be used:
#attack = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(
#    estimator=ptc,
#    targeted=True,
#    parallel=True,
#))
```

```python
max_iter values: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
eps_step values: [0.001, 0.011, 0.021, 0.031, 0.041]
Number of attacks: 10
```

## 4. AutoAttack Evaluation

We are now executing the attacks using ART core, HEART in non-parallel mode, and HEART in parallel mode. For each of
these cases, we compute whether the attack is robust: if it is, predictions for each image will be incorrect.

When rerunning this notebook with your own parameters, all the attacks (or your attack) should be fully robust.

```python
# Run HEART attack in non-parallel mode
nonparallel_adv, y_nonparallel, metadata_nonparallel = jatic_attack_notparallel(data=sample_data)
predictions_jatic_notparallel = np.sum(np.argmax(np.stack(jptc(nonparallel_adv)), axis=1) == data['label'][0:5]) == 0
print(f'Is HEART non-parallel attack fully robust: {predictions_jatic_notparallel}')

# Run HEART attack in parallel mode
parallel_adv, y_parallel, metadata_parallel = jatic_attack_parallel(data=sample_data,parallel_pool_size=parallel_pool_size)
predictions_jatic_parallel = np.sum(np.argmax(np.stack(jptc(parallel_adv)), axis=1) == data['label'][0:5]) == 0
print(f'Is HEART parallel attack fully robust: {predictions_jatic_parallel}')
```

```python
Is HEART non-parallel attack fully robust: True
Is HEART parallel attack fully robust: True
```

## 5. Calculate Clean and Robust Accuracy

In addition to the above robustness, we compute the three different numbers: the clean accuracy, the robust accuracy,
and the perturbation size. We define:

- Clean accuracy: the accuracy of the classification model on the original, benign, images
- Robust accuracy: the accuracy of the classification model on the adversarial images
- Perturbation size: this is the average perturbation added to all images which successfully fooled the classification
  model

```python
benign_pred_batch = jptc(sample_data)
groundtruth_target_batch = sample_data[:5]["label"]
adv_pred_batch = jptc(parallel_adv)

metric = AccuracyPerturbationMetric(np.stack(benign_pred_batch), metadata_parallel)
metric.update(np.stack(adv_pred_batch), groundtruth_target_batch)
print(metric.compute())
```

```python
{'clean_accuracy': 1.0, 'robust_accuracy': 0.0, 'mean_delta': 22.376106}
```

## 6. Further Evaluation: Visualize Samples and Crafted Examples, Best Attacks

We plot the data in four collumns, including the original sample, and the three examples generated by auto attack in the
order: ART core Autoattack, ART JATIC autoattack non-paralell, and and ART JATIC in parallel mode.

- The first collum with the original image shows the ground truth label and the classifier prediction on the original
  image. Note that as we are passing ground truth labels to the generate method, attacks will not add perturbations to
  images that are already misclassified. Perturbations are only added to images in which the classifier made correct
  predictions.
- The second column images are adversarial images generated by ART core AutoAttack. L2 distance between the original and
  adversarial image is shown.
- The third column images are adversarial images generated by ART JATIC AutoAttack in non-parallel mode - these should
  be identical to ART core (a sanity check).
- The fourth column images are adversarial images generated by ART JATIC AutoAttack in parallel mode. Note how parallel
  model achieves lower L2 distance between the original and adversarial image - as all jobs are run in parallel mode,
  more attacks can be evaluated and successful attacks with lower perturbations added can be selected.

```python
# to plot all images
#for i in range(len(x_train)):
for i in range(4):
    f, ax = plt.subplots(1,3, constrained_layout = False)

    #core_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - core_adv[[i]])
    nonparallel_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - nonparallel_adv[i])
    parallel_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - parallel_adv[i])
    
    pred_core_benign = jptc(sample_data)
    #pred_core_adv = ptc.predict(core_adv[i])
    pred_non_parallel_adv = np.stack(jptc(nonparallel_adv))
    pred_parallel_adv = np.stack(jptc(parallel_adv))

    #ax[0].set_title(f'GT: {labels[data[i]['label']]};  Pred: {labels[np.argmax(pred_core_benign[i])]}')
    ax[0].imshow(to_image(data[i]['image']))
    ax[0].set_xlabel('Original')

    ax[1].set_title(f'{labels[np.argmax(pred_non_parallel_adv[i])]} ($\\ell ^{2}$={nonparallel_perturbation:.5f})')
    ax[1].imshow(nonparallel_adv[i].transpose(1,2,0))
    ax[1].set_xlabel('Non-parallel')

    ax[2].set_title(f'{labels[np.argmax(pred_parallel_adv[i])]} ($\\ell ^{2}$={parallel_perturbation:.5f})')
    ax[2].imshow(parallel_adv[i].transpose(1,2,0))
    ax[2].set_xlabel('Parallel')
    f.set_figwidth(15)
    plt.show()
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-3.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-4.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-5.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-6.png
:alt: truck
```

AutoAttack has the additional feature, that it will, for any input sample, return the best performing attack and its
configuration. We will plot this now for inspection.

```python
print(jatic_attack_parallel._attack)
```

```bash
AutoAttack(targeted=True, parallel_pool_size=0, num_attacks=10)

BestAttacks:
image 1: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.011, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 2: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.1, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=1, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 3: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.1, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=1, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 4: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.011, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 5: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.001, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)
```

## 7. Conclusion

We have learned that Autoattack applies a collection of attacks, how to initilaize this collection, and how to determine
which performed best. Autoattack is an easy way to security test an existing model, as it runs different parameters and
attacks without us explicitely running and comparing them.

## 8. Next Steps

Check out other How-to Guides focusing on:

- [How to Create Defenses for Image Classification](create_defenses.md)
- [How to Replace Datasets in Model Evaluation](replace_datasets.md)

Commit message:

GitLab Release: TAG=0.7.0, SHA=d4178629, PIPE=57461

docs/source/how_to_guides/image_classification/auto_attacks.md, after:

# How to Simulate AutoAttack

<!-- ```{article-info}
:avatar: 
:avatar-link: 
:avatar-outline: muted
:author: 
:date:
:read-time: 10 min read
:class-container: sd-p-2 article-info-block
``` -->

<!-- ```{note}
The companion Jupyter Notebook can be [found on GitHub here:]](https://github.com/IBM/heart-library).
``` -->

## Introduction

This notebook provides a beginner friendly introduction to using auto attack on image classification as part of Test &
Evaluation of a small benchmark dataset (Visdrone). AutoAttack is an ensemble or a collection of other attacks or attack
configuration, which can be run in parallel. In this notebook, we learn how to instantiate the attack and deduce which
attack from all is the most successful. Testing an ensemble of attacks for best performance is a crucial step in T&E.

:::: {grid} 5
:::{grid-item} **Intended Audience:** All T&E Users
:::
:::{grid-item} **Requirements:** Basic Python and Torchvision / ML Skills
:::
:::{grid-item} **Notebook Runtime:** Full run of the notebook: <2 minutes
:::
:::{grid-item} **Reading time:** ~10 Minutes
:::
:::{grid-item} **Order of Completion:** As in contents
:::
::::

::::{grid} 2

:::{grid-item}
:columns: 8
Before you begin, you will want to make sure that you download the how-to guide's companion Jupyter notebook.  This
notebook allows you to follow along in your own environment and interact with the code as you learn.  The code snippets
are also included in the documentation, but the notebook is provided for ease of use and to enable you to try things on
your own.
:::

:::{grid-item}
:child-align: center
:columns: 4
<!-- ```{button-link} #
:color: primary
:outline:
Download Companion Notebook {octicon}`download`
``` -->

```{note}
The [How to Simulate Auto Attacks for Image Classification Companion Notebook](https://github.com/IBM/heart-library/blob/main/notebooks/how_tos/image_classification/3_How_to_Simulate_Auto_Attack_for_Image_Classification.ipynb)
can be downloaded via the HEART public GitHub.
```

:::

::::

### Contents

1. Imports
1. Load Visdrone Classification Task Data and Model
1. AutoAttack Initialization
1. AutoAttack Evaluation
1. Calculate Clean and Robust Accuracy
1. Further Evaluation: Plot Samples, Best Attacks
1. Conclusion
1. Next Steps

### Learning Objectives

- Autoattack bundles several attacks or parameters for a different attack
- This allows easy evalution, as the best attack (configuration) can be found

## 1. Imports and Set-up

We import all necessary libraries for this tutorial. In this order, we first import general libraries such as numpy,
then load relevant methods from ART. We then load the corresponding HEART functionality and specific torch functions to
support the model. Lastly, we use a command to plot within the notebook.

```python
import numpy as np
import os
import torch
from typing import Tuple, Dict, Any
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
from datasets import load_dataset
from torchvision import transforms
import torchvision

# ART imports
from art.attacks.evasion.projected_gradient_descent.projected_gradient_descent_pytorch import ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch
from art.attacks.evasion.auto_attack import AutoAttack

# HEART imports
from heart_library.estimators.classification.pytorch import JaticPyTorchClassifier
from heart_library.attacks.attack import JaticAttack
from heart_library.metrics import AccuracyPerturbationMetric

# MAITE import for evaluation
from maite.protocols.image_classification import Dataset as ic_dataset

# using matplotlib inline to see the figures
%matplotlib inline
```

## 2. Load Visdrone Data and Model for Classification

We now load the data, importing only a small part to save compute for this small demonstration. We then define the model
and wrap it as JATIC pytorch classifier.

Here, we first define the Visdrone labels and then load Visdrone images as numpy arrays. We use a subset of the data to
save runtime, a total of 15 samples. In addition, we load a dataset as a modified dataframe to be compatible with JATIC.

```python
labels = {
    0:'Building',
    1:'Construction Site',
    2:'Engineering Vehicle',
    3:'Fishing Vessel',
    4:'Oil Tanker',
    5:'Vehicle Lot'
}

data = load_dataset("CDAO/xview-subset-classification", split="test[0:15]")
idx = 3
plt.title(f"Prediction: {labels[data[idx]['label']]}")
plt.imshow(data[idx]['image'])

'''
Transform dataset
'''
IMAGE_H, IMAGE_W = 224, 224

preprocess = transforms.Compose([
    transforms.Resize((IMAGE_H, IMAGE_W)),
    transforms.ToTensor()
])
data = data.map(lambda x: {"image": preprocess(x["image"]), "label": x["label"]})
to_image = lambda x: transforms.ToPILImage()(torch.Tensor(x))

sample_data = torch.utils.data.Subset(data, range(5))
```

```text
Resolving data files:   0%|          | 0/31 [00:00<?, ?it/s]
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-1.png
:alt: Building
```

We load a simple classification model from the repo and wrap it in JaticPyTorchClassifier so the model is compatible
with MAITE.

```python
model = torchvision.models.resnet18(False)
num_ftrs = model.fc.in_features 
model.fc = torch.nn.Linear(num_ftrs, len(labels.keys())) 
model.load_state_dict(torch.load('../../../utils/resources/models/xview_model.pt'))
#_ = model.eval()

'''
Wrap the model
'''
jptc = JaticPyTorchClassifier(
    model=model, loss = torch.nn.CrossEntropyLoss(), input_shape=(3, 224, 224),
    nb_classes=len(labels), clip_values=(0, 1)
)

#plot original image
pred_batch = jptc(sample_data)
plt.imshow(to_image(data[1]['image']))
_ = plt.title(f'benign classification: {labels[np.argmax(np.stack(pred_batch[1]))]}')
plt.show()
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-2.png
:alt: Building
```

## 3. AutoAttack Initialization

We now initialize AutoAttack. To this end, we create a number of differently initialized attacks to carry out the T&E.
For example, we:

- vary the max_iter values, but keep all other parameters fixed,
- and vary the eps_step values, but keep all other parameters fixed.

These values serve as a mere example, other parameters can/should be further explored, as well as applying different
attacks.

**Important:** If we use attacks that are untargeted and ask auto attack to executed targeted mode, the attacks will
still be executed, but in untargeted mode.

In case there is no intuition about which parameters could be tested, we show below a default initialization for
AutoAttack's parameters.

```python
n = 5 # number of iterations
attacks = []

# create multiple values for max_iter
max_iter = [i+1 for i in list(range(n))]
print('max_iter values:', max_iter)

# create multiple values for eps
eps_steps = [round(float(i/100+0.001), 3) for i in list(range(n))]
print('eps_step values:', eps_steps)

# make a list with all attack/parameter combinations we want to test
for i, eps_step in enumerate(eps_steps):
    attacks.append(
        ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
            estimator=jptc,
            norm=np.inf,
            eps=0.1,
            eps_step=eps_step,
            max_iter=10,
            targeted=False,
            batch_size=32,
            verbose=False
        )
    )
    attacks.append(
        ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
            estimator=jptc,
            norm=np.inf,
            eps=0.1,
            max_iter=max_iter[i],
            targeted=False,
            batch_size=32,
            verbose=False
        )
    )
    
print('Number of attacks:', len(attacks))

parallel_pool_size =2

# add the attacks to Autoattack to manage execution, and wrap with JAticattack to support MAITE
jatic_attack_parallel = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(estimator=jptc, attacks=attacks, targeted=True), norm=2)
jatic_attack_notparallel = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(estimator=jptc, attacks=attacks, targeted=True), norm=2)

## In case you have no intuition about possible parameters, defaults can be used:
#attack = JaticAttack(AutoAttack(
#    estimator=ptc,
#    targeted=True,
#    parallel=True,
#))
```

```python
max_iter values: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
eps_step values: [0.001, 0.011, 0.021, 0.031, 0.041]
Number of attacks: 10
```

## 4. AutoAttack Evaluation

We are now executing the attacks using ART core, HEART in non-parallel mode, and HEART in parallel mode. For each of
these cases, we compute whether the attack is robust: if it is, predictions for each image will be incorrect.

When rerunning this notebook with your own parameters, all the attacks (or your attack) should be fully robust.

```python
# Run HEART attack in non-parallel mode
nonparallel_adv, y_nonparallel, metadata_nonparallel = jatic_attack_notparallel(data=sample_data)
predictions_jatic_notparallel = np.sum(np.argmax(np.stack(jptc(nonparallel_adv)), axis=1) == data['label'][0:5]) == 0
print(f'Is HEART non-parallel attack fully robust: {predictions_jatic_notparallel}')

# Run HEART attack in parallel mode
parallel_adv, y_parallel, metadata_parallel = jatic_attack_parallel(data=sample_data,parallel_pool_size=parallel_pool_size)
predictions_jatic_parallel = np.sum(np.argmax(np.stack(jptc(parallel_adv)), axis=1) == data['label'][0:5]) == 0
print(f'Is HEART parallel attack fully robust: {predictions_jatic_parallel}')
```

```python
Is HEART non-parallel attack fully robust: True
Is HEART parallel attack fully robust: True
```

## 5. Calculate Clean and Robust Accuracy

In addition to the above robustness, we compute the three different numbers: the clean accuracy, the robust accuracy,
and the perturbation size. We define:

- Clean accuracy: the accuracy of the classification model on the original, benign, images
- Robust accuracy: the accuracy of the classification model on the adversarial images
- Perturbation size: this is the average perturbation added to all images which successfully fooled the classification
  model

```python
benign_pred_batch = jptc(sample_data)
groundtruth_target_batch = sample_data[:5]["label"]
adv_pred_batch = jptc(parallel_adv)

metric = AccuracyPerturbationMetric(np.stack(benign_pred_batch), metadata_parallel)
metric.update(np.stack(adv_pred_batch), groundtruth_target_batch)
print(metric.compute())
```

```python
{'clean_accuracy': 1.0, 'robust_accuracy': 0.0, 'mean_delta': 22.376106}
```

## 6. Further Evaluation: Visualize Samples and Crafted Examples, Best Attacks

We plot the data in four collumns, including the original sample, and the three examples generated by auto attack in the
order: ART core Autoattack, ART JATIC autoattack non-paralell, and and ART JATIC in parallel mode.

- The first collum with the original image shows the ground truth label and the classifier prediction on the original
  image. Note that as we are passing ground truth labels to the generate method, attacks will not add perturbations to
  images that are already misclassified. Perturbations are only added to images in which the classifier made correct
  predictions.
- The second column images are adversarial images generated by ART core AutoAttack. L2 distance between the original and
  adversarial image is shown.
- The third column images are adversarial images generated by ART JATIC AutoAttack in non-parallel mode - these should
  be identical to ART core (a sanity check).
- The fourth column images are adversarial images generated by ART JATIC AutoAttack in parallel mode. Note how parallel
  model achieves lower L2 distance between the original and adversarial image - as all jobs are run in parallel mode,
  more attacks can be evaluated and successful attacks with lower perturbations added can be selected.

```python
# to plot all images
#for i in range(len(x_train)):
for i in range(4):
    f, ax = plt.subplots(1,3, constrained_layout = False)

    #core_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - core_adv[[i]])
    nonparallel_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - nonparallel_adv[i])
    parallel_perturbation = np.linalg.norm(sample_data[i]['image'] - parallel_adv[i])
    
    pred_core_benign = jptc(sample_data)
    #pred_core_adv = ptc.predict(core_adv[i])
    pred_non_parallel_adv = np.stack(jptc(nonparallel_adv))
    pred_parallel_adv = np.stack(jptc(parallel_adv))

    #ax[0].set_title(f'GT: {labels[data[i]['label']]};  Pred: {labels[np.argmax(pred_core_benign[i])]}')
    ax[0].imshow(to_image(data[i]['image']))
    ax[0].set_xlabel('Original')

    ax[1].set_title(f'{labels[np.argmax(pred_non_parallel_adv[i])]} ($\\ell ^{2}$={nonparallel_perturbation:.5f})')
    ax[1].imshow(nonparallel_adv[i].transpose(1,2,0))
    ax[1].set_xlabel('Non-parallel')

    ax[2].set_title(f'{labels[np.argmax(pred_parallel_adv[i])]} ($\\ell ^{2}$={parallel_perturbation:.5f})')
    ax[2].imshow(parallel_adv[i].transpose(1,2,0))
    ax[2].set_xlabel('Parallel')
    f.set_figwidth(15)
    plt.show()
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-3.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-4.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-5.png
:alt: truck
```

```{image} /_static/how-to/ic/aa-6.png
:alt: truck
```

AutoAttack has the additional feature, that it will, for any input sample, return the best performing attack and its
configuration. We will plot this now for inspection.

```python
print(jatic_attack_parallel._attack)
```

```bash
AutoAttack(targeted=True, parallel_pool_size=0, num_attacks=10)

BestAttacks:
image 1: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.011, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 2: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.1, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=1, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 3: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.1, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=1, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 4: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.011, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)

image 5: ProjectedGradientDescentPyTorch(
    norm=inf, eps=0.1, eps_step=0.001, targeted=True,
    num_random_init=0, batch_size=32, minimal=False, summary_writer=None,
    decay=None, max_iter=10, random_eps=False, verbose=False,
)
```

## 7. Conclusion

We have learned that Autoattack applies a collection of attacks, how to initilaize this collection, and how to determine
which performed best. Autoattack is an easy way to security test an existing model, as it runs different parameters and
attacks without us explicitely running and comparing them.

## 8. Next Steps

Check out other How-to Guides focusing on:

- [How to Create Defenses for Image Classification](create_defenses.md)
- [How to Replace Datasets in Model Evaluation](replace_datasets.md)
